Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today,
I, Kizuna AI, will be compressing a movie masterpiece
Compressing!
A popular segment where I showcase a movie to everyone in under a minute!
The movie that I will be showcasing this time is...
"Pacific Rim"!
A Hollywood movie where robots and monsters fight,
Recently, a sequel was released, garnering attention among the masses.
Due to the inclusion of popular actresses like Rinko Kikuchi and Mana Ashida,
the movie has been in the spotlight in Japan as well!
Without further ado!
Kizuna AI's one minute movie!
Action!
3...
2...
1!
Pacific Rim is a story about the war between humankind and monsters
On one fateful day,
The Earth and the world of monsters had connected with eachother!
Monsters came to the world of humans
They end up rampaging!
Rawrrr!! ðŸ¦–
Humankind was in peril
"Only if there was a Super AI like entity,
an extremely beautiful one at that,
the world would be saved!"
But,
An entity akin to someone like me, Kizuna AI,
does not exist in the movie!
Due to that,
They had decided to build robots to fight against the monsters!
JAEGARRRRRRRRR!!
The robots, the Jaegar,
has a function where it needs to be piloted by two people simultaneously.
Also!
The bond between the two pilots contribute to the strength of the Jaegar.
And,
This is where she appears,
Mana Ashida!
It's Mana Ashida~ â­
Mana will do my best,
Mana-chan!
So cute!
Mana-chan's role is
the younger version of Rinko Kikuchi's role, Mako!
This and that happens, and humankind and monsterkind end up fighting each other!
Rocket Puuuuuuuuunch!!
But!
The number of monsters is infinite
Utterly impossible!
The humans lose!
Then,
A mister has a revelation.
"Oh!"
"Let's blow everything up!"
"There!"
The mister saves the Earth!
Misterrrrrrrr!!
*Finish!!*
Whew!
Knowing me, I knew I would be able to describe the movie in a very understandable manner.
Now you want to watch the movie right?
Right?
If you thought the movie was interesting after you listened to me,
Please!
Please go to a movie theater and watch it!
The movie, "Pacific Rim: Uprising" is currently screening!
Of course,
I am,
not in it!
That being said,
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Translated by Zorua